Gwenevere Abriel: Justin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bio psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: Romero
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to open up
Gwenevere Abriel: And can you hear and see me. Oh, yeah. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just moved into
Gwenevere Abriel: A new
Gwenevere Abriel: Home.
Justin’s iPhone: Well, we're just moving into a new whole workflow process of moving into our house and go to Tina Mexico.
Justin’s iPhone: A mile away from the lake.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm in Florida. I won't know much about the cities that you're in. Um, but I starting to get familiar. Some of y'all say something. I'm like, oh yeah, I recognize that
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to go over a little bit about literally like two minutes and then the rest of this is going to be jam packed with
Gwenevere Abriel: Much like what you've done with the doctor today is I'm going to be gathering a history.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be tempted to want to give me an explanation.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a response. But today, won't be the day for that that's going to come when you and I are sitting
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're doing individual therapy and really getting to know kind of underlying history and see if we can create some change.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: So today is really just looking for sort of a short response so that I can sort of make note of it really sort of contextualize your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it won't be a long story with each question. Okay, they're going to be sort of short. Otherwise, it's a two hour assessment, I have to jam into an hour. And it's a very difficult assessment for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how difficult. It's going to be for you, but I have watched and a lot of people like oh my gosh, all these questions. So just be patient with yourself. If you don't remember something just say, I don't remember. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so that you have an idea of who I am. My name is
Gwenevere Abriel: One of your homie Gwen or hey, that lady I see on Thursdays, whatever. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am in Florida. I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist and have been licensed for over 20 years here, and it'll be three years in New Mexico. I specifically. Got it. Just to work with my heart health, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have always been drawn to folks struggling with substance use all the way from outpatient in custody felony drug court to more executive
Gwenevere Abriel: At in private practice and all that. So I just like it. I like y'all. I like working with it. It's my favorite. So I don't know if that makes me twisted but
Gwenevere Abriel: What else, I have a you have my cell phone. Actually, I use this for confirming appointments
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll see that the night before. This is a courtesy reminder I reach out to people and I say, hey, can you confirm the appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, last night I sent you one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just jealousy
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said, okay, so you acknowledged it right
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people are tend to nowadays with how frequently, and then we're going to dive into the assessment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are very tempted to want to carry on conversations about medication or they want to talk about context of their life through texting, but you're welcome to send me messages, but I don't do psychotherapy through texting, which means I'm going to text back might feel cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it'll be well when can you meet next in here. I'm an independent contractor. And so my work happens while we're here, won't be on your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be in here. So that's all group or an individual therapy. So just to let you know, you do need to let me know if you won't keep an appointment 24 hours in advance so that I can offer it to folks that I have on on call list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool, cool, cool, we're going to dive right into it. Then I'm going to start with the context of how
Gwenevere Abriel: You develop a chemical dependence on opiates. So for some people it's my head, you know, wisdom tooth Paul when I was, you know, 18 or something. When did you first use short acting opiates. Those are purpose. That's hydrocodone fentanyl
Justin’s iPhone: Like 12
What happened.
Justin’s iPhone: Friends, like to take pills.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I was partying.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how often were you and that pill itself actually have to explain more and more thing because you're going to see this a lot. I have an air condition, which means going to see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably saw in group, a couple of times I have to clear my ear. It's like being under selfie to water or up in an airplane.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the only way to fix it as have to tilt my head so you'll get used to ignore it over time. And I do apologize for that. So here you are. You're 12 years do you and your friends and your party morning those pills and how often were you doing it and how much
Justin’s iPhone: Like me like three or four a day.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you, adjusting them orally or starting
Justin’s iPhone: No, we're just or Orly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And where were you getting those
Justin’s iPhone: From our families.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so some medicine cabinet.
Justin’s iPhone: Pretty much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you. Okay, and for how long are you doing it about three or four a day.
Justin’s iPhone: Forever.
Justin’s iPhone: Pills, pretty much, and I learned about heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And when was that
Justin’s iPhone: I learned about heroin. When I was about 17
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, who introduced you to it.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when a 17 INTRODUCED TO DO YOU REMEMBER dove right into intravenous drug or did you smart at first.
Justin’s iPhone: I snorted. It mostly
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you begin
Justin’s iPhone: By 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst
Gwenevere Abriel: How much heroin. Have you done worse.
Justin’s iPhone: Lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of different for everybody wants a lot to you.
Justin’s iPhone: In total, your
Day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst
Justin’s iPhone: About four grams a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how far back was that
Justin’s iPhone: Was what i was like 28 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: That was at its worst. Okay. Yeah. All right, and kind of working back a little bit. I didn't ask you what was when you were using just the pill form of cassettes and hydrogen and oxygen, etc. At its worst, how many
Gwenevere Abriel: Milligrams. Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You do on a day.
Justin’s iPhone: I was buying about
Gwenevere Abriel: 2030 a day buying
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you doing are you doing them all.
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so maybe those were five or 10 milligrams or something.
Justin’s iPhone: Well, if I got like my hand oxy it'd be like five
Justin’s iPhone: But if I have my hands like on Lord tab or whatever do like at least twice a day. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, please transcribe also we
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna hear me kind of clock funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is being transcribed. So I'm going to say please transcribe verbatim. So you're gonna hear me say things like lifetime use of PCP or something. So she's going to transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Sound like I'm talking to myself. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're doing great. I'm your answers are nice and short and concise, it's, we're going to get through this just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my ears are really bad today. So I'm sorry I look so strange. So we have a sense of that and have a sense of the heroin use. And when was your last use of any form of heroin kind of thinking back
Justin’s iPhone: 12 years probably
Justin’s iPhone: No, well known.
Justin’s iPhone: 10 years it's been about 10 years
Justin’s iPhone: 10 years so like I stopped when I was like 2829
Justin’s iPhone: I went to rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: What level of care was that I'm impatient.
Gwenevere Abriel: For two months.
Justin’s iPhone: Two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two years. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to really have residential, which means you stayed overnight.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep residential for two years. What state that in
Justin’s iPhone: Texas teen challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Eat
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even even though you're 29
Justin’s iPhone: It's a faith based rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it, got it, got it, got it. Okay. Team challenge. Okay, faith based
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Alright challenge 50 days which phases that
Justin’s iPhone: Question.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so now we're at about let's see 3031, something like that. What happened after age 31
Justin’s iPhone: Ended up ended up getting an oil rig accident.
Justin’s iPhone: And then I started popping PILLS again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was not about age 3132
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you did that for how long.
Justin’s iPhone: Like, about a year or two.
Justin’s iPhone: From the corner, when I say that. But then, but I had a good doctor, Dr. Watson, he will he was describing my pain medicine and pretty much he was the one who said, Let me try you putting you on the box and
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're saying, let's think about when that might have been. So if we said
Gwenevere Abriel: 30
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, like
Justin’s iPhone: About 3036 no
Justin’s iPhone: Hold on.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, it's like 30 about 30 at that time I was like 3132 32 years old when I got her already. Because I got out of rehab got hurt.
Justin’s iPhone: And then I was back on pills and then my wife found this doctor and Dr. Watson was like, let's take you off the pills and put you on Suboxone and see how that does for pain. And so I've started taking that for pain and I've been on that ever since.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be correct me if I'm wrong, and I can hear that. Your wife is helping you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's some real positives to having collateral information, but they're also maybe some challenges that you look to stay in communication about that is definitely an assessment from your memory I i'm I'm assessing your recall ability. So when she's feeding information I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I love family at this is this is really exciting that she's such a participant in your recovery, but I'm assessing other things at the same time. So please, if you can, if you can't remember if you say, I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have Suboxone at about age.
Are you thinking 3446
Justin’s iPhone: Taking Suboxone like on the streets, a few times.
Justin’s iPhone: And then when I was in jail. I taking taking Suboxone so I already had known about Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on, I understand these contexts are important for you. But right now, just getting an A.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, we're almost there. We're almost there. So here I am with with this doctor and he's sort of 32 and now I'm popping PILLS. And the doctor says you know what, let's try you on Suboxone. Do you think that was about page 3432 32 and then did you stop seeing the
Gwenevere Abriel: Stock and then you have to get them off the street.
Justin’s iPhone: Know, pretty much. He
Justin’s iPhone: He ended up retiring, pretty much, and
Justin’s iPhone: I went to Dr. Pepper mid wala out of Millen Texas.
Justin’s iPhone: And then from Dr. Peppermint wallah we ended up coming to you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there was a period that you are getting them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either off the streets or from from from inside the jail and I'll get that in just a second. I got to try and figure out where that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're mixing a couple of things sort of that legal history.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now I'm just isolating substance use is still relevant. It's just, it goes in different section, but I think I bet are here. Was there a long period, six months, a year or something. We were in jail. What year was that
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, from like 2625 26 so I was like 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so now going back to the box zone. Is it fair to say that from about age 32 until today with one doctor or another you have been on Suboxone
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever a time that you had to because there was some missing prescriptions that you had to get them off the streets. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: How much of the Suboxone. Have you done sort of in a day. What's the most
Justin’s iPhone: Oh three three a day is perfect.
Justin’s iPhone: Third day helps me a lot because they took three bones out of my wrist over my shoulder, my back, but three so boxing's day actually helped me the most.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now 38 and what are you currently prescribed
Justin’s iPhone: Bigger they're giving me
Justin’s iPhone: 20 milligrams a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many days if you've been taking 20 milligrams. Is it a brand name Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. For how many days and even taking that
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, I've been taking that for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me rephrase because we're on Tele health. There's oftentimes will misunderstand each other. It won't be because we're not good listeners, he became
Gwenevere Abriel: It the audio gets crunchy. Okay, so I'm going to ask it again. How many days. Have you been taking 20 milligrams of Suboxone every
Justin’s iPhone: Five years, pretty much, five years, pretty much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I think. Let me rephrase it. Michael, how many days if you've been taking out the most 20 milligrams a day.
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, at the most 40 milligrams. So I've been on this program on
Justin’s iPhone: like seven or eight days. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It took me a couple times. Right. That was my dad lots of different ways to answer that question. You're doing great. I said it was kind of tough. So I've gotten a sense of, sort of, sort of this short term of the at use, which is the Aussies the
Hydro
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a tab and then long acting opioids, which is the user interface.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had an intentional or accidental overdose.
Justin’s iPhone: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client nice lifetime intentional or accidental overdose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or intentionally
Gwenevere Abriel: Injustice can
Gwenevere Abriel: You find a nice life an accidental or intentional use of fennel.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was for Louise
Gwenevere Abriel: I told you I was gonna sound like I was talking to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: The transcription just
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to find a little doc.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Aid. Your first juice and if your memory is fuzzy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is for me to read
Gwenevere Abriel: It also meeting accredited
Gwenevere Abriel: You get too hung up on the exact dates just sort of you will climate. Beautiful. So the agent first use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tobacco
Justin’s iPhone: My girl was my turn.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the question of
Gwenevere Abriel: Up until today just basically
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, tobacco, like a pack pack a day.
Justin’s iPhone: I sensation. Yeah. Well, no, since the age of 20 pay like a
Justin’s iPhone: Now it's a pack a day since like torney
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The age of first use of alcohol.
Justin’s iPhone: Were 13
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression.
Justin’s iPhone: From there, was it
Every weekend.
Justin’s iPhone: Have a real big drinker.
Gwenevere Abriel: So big never a big drinker will be something that everyone will assess we'll see if we can catch up in frequency. So here I tried at age 13 party every weekend in high school or
Drinking every day.
Justin’s iPhone: I partied every weekend in high school, but I pop pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much were you drinking in high school.
Justin’s iPhone: Maybe, maybe two beers, a month, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You were popping PILLS during that time. So what's
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it. Okay, but now I have something sort of tangible to understand what you mean by not a big drinker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Nice. And is there ever a time when you work for you had some blackout experience. Maybe you're drinking shots.
Gwenevere Abriel: The room. Okay so clients. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drinking and never have and never passed out from alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. So clients and I just put denies on the
Justin’s iPhone: Never been, I've never been a drinker, because it's killed most of my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that says a lot in my understanding of what that means to you. Thank you for that. Um, when was your last drink about how long ago.
Justin’s iPhone: Was that seven months maybe
Justin’s iPhone: Have
Justin’s iPhone: A glass on
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm moving on and about fentanyl tonight. Okay. Any lifetime use and explaining things. Well, if you don't know what the substances. I'm certainly education.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't know what it is. I'll just assume it's denies lifetime us so
Gwenevere Abriel: As your first use of
Justin’s iPhone: War.
Gwenevere Abriel: cranium.
Justin’s iPhone: Great them or I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients and I select the music.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of Asia first use of spikes.
Gwenevere Abriel: kinda nice. I mean, this is your first use of there's two words that sound very similar to each other. One is benzodiazepine which is a Xanax and one is a bard are Picchu it
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on is your first use of a bar or Picchu it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can you name it is
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's what I thought. So we're going to shift. I'm going to just shift gears.
Justin’s iPhone: Or is that, like, is that like board tab is
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go over to Ben's oh let's go over to benzodiazepine that's your Xanax
Gwenevere Abriel: One. We're gonna, I'm going to put for age 12 I got you. And how often did you kind of got progression thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard. Um, what was the progression bionics use after 812. What was that like
Justin’s iPhone: Well, it wasn't so much exam. It's there was value and it just slowly got worse and worse Tomlin is taking volume was probably
Justin’s iPhone: Told me
Gwenevere Abriel: How much retaken 20 to
Justin’s iPhone: Take like three or four
How many
Justin’s iPhone: Milligrams
Justin’s iPhone: Once
Gwenevere Abriel: Seizure
Justin’s iPhone: Um,
Justin’s iPhone: No, it wasn't from that. But yeah, I've had a seizure before when I was 22
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it from you believe
Justin’s iPhone: Stayed up too late on I stayed up too many days on math and I had a seizure and drag my head open on a shelf.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was sort of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Highest progression five milligrams as much as three or four
Gwenevere Abriel: Last use of any kind of know which would be a problem clonazepam
Justin’s iPhone: I have a psychiatrist that prescribes me
Justin’s iPhone: Like 30 volume, a month.
Justin’s iPhone: Because I ended up seeing my friend get shot and died a few years ago. And that's why I did that stretch of jail time. And so, pretty much. I have nightmares. So it just helps me sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: When shock trauma occurred.
Justin’s iPhone: When I was 28
Justin’s iPhone: What actually happened. The Killing actually happened on the 21 I was 26 as 28 when I got out of the jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the name of the doctor is prescribing you 30 volume, a month.
Justin’s iPhone: Mark July back
Gwenevere Abriel: Li and via you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and he's a psychiatrist.
Gwenevere Abriel: He prescribed
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to the volume. How many milligrams. Does it say
Gwenevere Abriel: Per day
Justin’s iPhone: It just says it whenever I really need on
Gwenevere Abriel: How many real
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, one five milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Seizure history associated with
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the nice lifetime you know barbiturates let's go back up to
Gwenevere Abriel: THC for a second as your first use of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Different forms of ingestion. When was your first use
Gwenevere Abriel: 1010 sorry the volume, low as 10. What was the progression. Oh, then I did it every day.
What was the progression.
Justin’s iPhone: Every weekend and then from every weekend every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: What age wasn't every day.
Justin’s iPhone: 1413
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, every day, and how much are you doing two balls, a day.
Justin’s iPhone: Like try quarter.
Justin’s iPhone: seven grams a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when did you increase
Justin’s iPhone: Wanted it increase
Justin’s iPhone: What got a good job. I could buy more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello REO
Justin’s iPhone: 15
Gwenevere Abriel: And then how much reading
Justin’s iPhone: All that time.
Justin’s iPhone: They didn't really have the expensive weed out. So it was like an entrance to to arm ensues, like a bank account today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for how many years. Was it about announced today.
Justin’s iPhone: Till I was 26 YOU KNOW WHAT TO JAIL. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: At its most how much were you doing
Justin’s iPhone: THE MOST WELL I'M GOOD. WE CAME OUT
Justin’s iPhone: It was like, I probably do like an ounce and a half, depending on the drugs that took
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your last ingestion of any THC.
Justin’s iPhone: Like a few weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much was
Justin’s iPhone: Just took a hell of a joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and age of first shoes and I distinguish between powder cocaine and crack cocaine. What was your first use of powder. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progress.
Justin’s iPhone: Was 14 MC died.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was Nick.
Justin’s iPhone: Nick was my cousin.
Justin’s iPhone: Died of a cocaine overdose and I held him in my arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the progression of powder cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that moved into the 20th
Justin’s iPhone: You all know I ended up after he died. I like I stopped doing coke.
Justin’s iPhone: I just sort of smoked weed until I was
Justin’s iPhone: 21, I'd say. And then I started doing about
Justin’s iPhone: three grams to seven grams a day until I was 26
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst was that right at that time to seven grams a day was at its worst
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was your last use of powder cocaine.
Justin’s iPhone: When I was like 25th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for shoes of okay
Justin’s iPhone: NEVER SMOKED CRACK
Gwenevere Abriel: Cocaine at first use of ecstasy.
Justin’s iPhone: When I was 16
Gwenevere Abriel: It was the progression.
Justin’s iPhone: Whenever I went to a party.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often was that
Justin’s iPhone: Least every other weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was your last year so that
Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Your first shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Crystal Meth
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did it progress. After that first use daily or weekly
Justin’s iPhone: Pretty much daily about like a gram to three grams a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or how many years or months.
Justin’s iPhone: Six.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last use
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go up to
Gwenevere Abriel: The methylphenidate the Adderall or Ritalin five. And what was the first age that you either prescribed it or you used it.
Justin’s iPhone: On Adderall. Since I was like
Justin’s iPhone: 1312
Justin’s iPhone: Prescribed
Gwenevere Abriel: For what diagnosis.
ADHD.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are on how many milligrams of what right now. Good, good.
Justin’s iPhone: To or I get two and a half. Every day 30 milligrams
Justin’s iPhone: Each
Gwenevere Abriel: And this year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any history of huffing or whippets
Gwenevere Abriel: Puffing behavior lifetime first use
Gwenevere Abriel: shrooms
Justin’s iPhone: 13
Gwenevere Abriel: How often after that.
Justin’s iPhone: Every at least every six months until I was 26
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your first use of acid or PCP.
Justin’s iPhone: 1413
Justin’s iPhone: Until I was 26
Justin’s iPhone: At least like
Justin’s iPhone: 14
Justin’s iPhone: Pretty much. I took. I took that every like every weekend.
Justin’s iPhone: And I saw these
Justin’s iPhone: Two three hits, sometimes the most I ever did, though, was like 25
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Last year's have any hallucinogen sorry 26
Gwenevere Abriel: Any
Gwenevere Abriel: Any steroid use
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay 2017
For how long
Justin’s iPhone: For three years.
Gwenevere Abriel: 31233 years
Justin’s iPhone: Three years and then I stopped taking it and then I started taking it again at
Justin’s iPhone: 49 until I was 31 and then now I get prescribed
Justin’s iPhone: 200 milligrams of testosterone sip and eight injections once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So like, I guess.
Justin’s iPhone: That's what my doctor
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the diagnosis.
Justin’s iPhone: Low testosterone kill
Justin’s iPhone: Due to due to the fact
Justin’s iPhone: I was I wiped out my my testosterone my natural testosterone.
Justin’s iPhone: By by taking testosterone at an early age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright, so I've covered
Gwenevere Abriel: Quite a bit. Is there anything I forgot.
Justin’s iPhone: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Justin’s iPhone: Works. What's crazy you
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember I told you, I'm not going to educate you on other drugs to you. So I wasn't kidding about that, um, let's keep moving. Well, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I asked you the age you first we're going to get a treat to have you ever, um, you know, accidental overdose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your treatment history. I know you mentioned them Addison. Okay, went to rehab to your age 29
Justin’s iPhone: Got out of jail, I went to jail when I was like 26 got out of jail when I was 28 and then I have to do two years in rehab, but I was doing. I mean, I was doing drugs was in jail, pretty much.
Justin’s iPhone: Just not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That is one episode of care. I want to know, really, all of them were you in treatment as a teenager treatment history, but your first in next, next one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your entire history was that two year period in teen challenge in Texas, you go out. You ever go to a na
Even in jail.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, I was forced to do it when I was on on rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And do you ever get a sponsor or you're like now.
Justin’s iPhone: I was sponsored has become my best friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many years does the
Justin’s iPhone: Word sponsor.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was this drug of choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you're saying is, correct me if I'm wrong client has one episode of substance abuse treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: For your duration. It was a residential level of care in Texas key challenge Christian faith program client to nice lifetime intensive outpatient level of care outpatient level of care and this is his second
Gwenevere Abriel: Treatment episode her health is not correct.
Justin’s iPhone: It sounds great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, all right. Um, we asked about overdose. Okay, let's move on to another section here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to a little bit of history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your psychiatric history. So this is diagnoses.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been diagnosed with ADHD, what are
Justin’s iPhone: Your views.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that at the age 2026 yeah okay
Justin’s iPhone: And the age of 14
Gwenevere Abriel: And it 1414
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you receive psychiatric mental health treatment at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know where you sat down and did sort of evidence based psycho therapeutic
Gwenevere Abriel: Interventions
To address
Gwenevere Abriel: One of that.
Justin’s iPhone: That until I was like 31 a doctor finally start somebody farming, talk to me about it.
Justin’s iPhone: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that's, I am curious about the psychotherapy that you receive from that, um, how was it
Gwenevere Abriel: He for a week or how often did you see this this caregiver and for how long.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were seeing this person.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes, BB actually twice a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two times a week. Oh, right. And let's see. That's from
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone was excellent. Are you still have nightmares. Do you take any medication.
Justin’s iPhone: The value helps
Justin’s iPhone: knock me out by the if I if I if I have the energy before I go to bed. I have nightmares all the time.
Justin’s iPhone: Since I've been since I've been married those. It's called me down a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently receiving psychotherapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so you that's what you're going to be getting
From
We'll go
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll address whatever whether anything from depression, anxiety, the symptoms of PTSD.
Gwenevere Abriel: Substance use
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm your gal. Okay, we're going to develop that it's. This is a tough assessment. I know that. But we're going to be able to slow down and get to the nitty gritty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so any hospitalizations for wanting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Commit suicide. Did you ever want to die and ask yourself hospitalized.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay clients nice lifetime suicidal, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Suicidal action, but have you ever had in your lifetime thoughts of wanting and your own life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, kinda nice lifetime suicidal ideation intent plan or action about homicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa, okay, kinda nice life cycle ideation intent plan and are you currently have any, any thoughts of wanting to hurt yourself or anyone else.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do
Gwenevere Abriel: We tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: It might seem like a no question but
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, we forget to reach out for help. And there's something really off if you're wanting in your own life or someone else's right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So yeah, definitely want to know if that's going on. There's another thing that sometimes people do and they self injure
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll cut their own skin, they'll burn their own skin or they'll engage in a more intentional tattooing in order to have the physical pain to draw away from the psychic pain, do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just lifetime use of self injurious behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you on any other psychiatric medication.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, where you adopted.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be asking you questions about different family members. The questions will be the same. The people will change is your mother.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yes, thank you. Does she have a psychiatric illness or substance abuse. History
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm now going to be asking about. Do you know any of her medical almost, you know, she has any kind of medical condition that you know
Justin’s iPhone: My grandma had Alzheimer's on my mom's side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe grandma on mom's maternal side Alzheimer's, please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's move over to this is an interesting thing most people don't use these kind of words, I'm going to show them to you so you can pick some okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about the quality of relationship with your mother was it, it can be any or all of these, was it adequate close consistent fulfilling any of these words or even one
Close.
Justin’s iPhone: And adequate.
Justin’s iPhone: Consistent is there consistently.
Justin’s iPhone: And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, let's move over to these any of these words abusive avoiding boring chaotic controlling distant exploitive fragile inconsistent neglectful parasitic punishing stale traumatic unfaithful, any of those
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a couple more way down at the bottom unfaithful unhappy unhealthy unsatisfying unsupportive
Gwenevere Abriel: SAME QUESTION FOR FATHER IS HE
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, he's loving
Gwenevere Abriel: It. He have depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, alcohol use substance use.
Justin’s iPhone: Alcohol Use
Gwenevere Abriel: Alcohol on either mother or father side and anyone on mother, father, side have any family history of schizophrenia psychotic behavior suicide attempts.
No.
Justin’s iPhone: Nothing like that, that I know of.
Gwenevere Abriel: impulse control challenges learning
Justin’s iPhone: Difficulties know my parents are very smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother have any medical illness that you're aware of
Justin’s iPhone: Arthritis, he has a liver problems from a fatty liver, not from alcohol abuse.
Justin’s iPhone: That's getting taken care of.
Justin’s iPhone: And diabetes, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, they give. Is it a insulin required type one or
Two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's like no no insulin
Justin’s iPhone: Know, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you so much. Now, moving over same types of words can you, are there any on this list that you would select
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, sorry. Yeah, I got it. I got close
Justin’s iPhone: Consistent
Justin’s iPhone: Loving
Justin’s iPhone: Reliable
Justin’s iPhone: Rewarding.
Justin’s iPhone: Satisfying
Justin’s iPhone: Stable
Justin’s iPhone: Supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: And the quality of relationship between your parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of these rooms.
Justin’s iPhone: You adequate adequate close
Justin’s iPhone: Consistent fulfilling
Justin’s iPhone: Functional
Justin’s iPhone: Intimate
Justin’s iPhone: Loving reliable.
Justin’s iPhone: Rewarding satisfying
Justin’s iPhone: Stable supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think I asked this one with your father and you. Was there any chaos controlling behavior. Was there any neglect or punishing any traumatic experiences with
Gwenevere Abriel: With him.
Justin’s iPhone: On the show.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where the heck is that we have a go.
Gwenevere Abriel: No abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mouth. Okay, and what about unhealthy unsatisfying, any of those
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: No controlling. Okay, I know boring no avoidant and
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. When I already got their relationship. Cool, cool, cool. Let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you got any siblings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Where do you fall on the birth order.
Second,
Gwenevere Abriel: So who is first born gender a name.
Justin’s iPhone: Or Korea male
Gwenevere Abriel: Or female what age.
Justin’s iPhone: 42
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then there's you and then any younger
Justin’s iPhone: Than my sister Tabitha
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is she,
Justin’s iPhone: 3234 34
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone else
Justin’s iPhone: And then my other sister Janelle
Justin’s iPhone: Okay 22
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember some of those words are you close it, particularly with anyone or especially distant, is anyone have any a psychiatric presentation, such as substance use, depression, anxiety,
Justin’s iPhone: I was, I was the wild child.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you especially just close to my siblings.
Justin’s iPhone: Palo Alto for more
Gwenevere Abriel: Client describes that self as I was a wild child know and I am close to all. I love all of them and denies that there are psychiatric or substance abuse history with any of his siblings. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're in here, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard though in it. Lots of questions come and ask you okay. You're doing great. Persevere persevere, we remember. Okay, you are married.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Wife. Again, I was mentioning, your, your decision to do this in her presence. But does she have a diagnosis of depression, anxiety, alcohol use, or substance use impulse control eating disorder dissociative disorder.
Justin’s iPhone: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Open up and
Justin’s iPhone: Life already stepped out
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So, um, so there's been no
Gwenevere Abriel: Medical without any medical issues with wife.
Justin’s iPhone: No, I mean, she's on the Suboxone program to but
Justin’s iPhone: She, she's taken that to help her with the pain in her back.
Justin’s iPhone: Because she saw how much I helped me with the pain in my hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok quality.
Justin’s iPhone: Just crushes a car wreck.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go over to here. Here you go. Notice these words are very similar.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're the same. We have adequate close consistent, the relationship, the quality relationship with wife.
Justin’s iPhone: Adequate close consistent
Justin’s iPhone: Functional fulfilling intimate
Justin’s iPhone: Loving
Justin’s iPhone: Reliable for sure rewarding.
Justin’s iPhone: Stable
Justin’s iPhone: Supportive
Justin’s iPhone: And other
Justin’s iPhone: And I put other on that too.
Justin’s iPhone: And put a like
Justin’s iPhone: What's the word I want to use for it's like
Justin’s iPhone: Like like
Justin’s iPhone: She's like my rock.
Justin’s iPhone: I guess that's the best way I can put it, okay. Whenever I wanted. So it's like I just have to look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. Okay. Obviously you love her very much, Eric, very grateful to her support, I hear you live.
Justin’s iPhone: To anybody's controlling it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it. Okay. You're doing great. We've only got six minutes, so I'm going to be talking pretty quickly, where we born
Justin’s iPhone: With certain frameworks grew
Gwenevere Abriel: And when your mom was pregnant with you. Was it on normal or
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal okay and milestones. You walk on time talk on time.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already know the birth order.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just do 1234
Gwenevere Abriel: For a second,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are an itty bitty baby and a little toddler. Were you anxious easy cranky cuddly or extrovert.
Justin’s iPhone: Very easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you fussy happy introvert overactive
Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad shy withdrawn.
Justin’s iPhone: Shy at first.
Gwenevere Abriel: No extrovert, none of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, let's go over to fears. Do you remember when you were little. If you ever had night terrors as a little boy.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any issues with enuresis or increases. That's sort of bed wedding or holding
Gwenevere Abriel: Our bells.
Justin’s iPhone: I had a I had a little blanket that I had until I was like nine years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you remember what you're afraid of
Justin’s iPhone: No is just something in the dark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any thumbs second thumb sucking tantrums or tix
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, thumb sucking until I was like six
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking till he gets when you think about school normal outstanding just liked school disorganized, just like
Gwenevere Abriel: School hated any dyslexia.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well you hyperactive.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, pretty much. I feel like I just got pushed through school because I was real good in sports, so
Justin’s iPhone: I feel like
Justin’s iPhone: Teachers just continued to pass me so I could play
Gwenevere Abriel: Any language problems listening problems math problems.
Whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your assessment. You had no problems with math, no problems with reading. No problems.
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, I have
Justin’s iPhone: I have problems are reading, Mike. Mike reading, but but remembering what I read.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have retention. Got you. Any stuttering writing problems talking excessively
Justin’s iPhone: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of friends when you were younger, many friends close friends, few friends teased by friends.
Justin’s iPhone: A lot of friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, moving over here we've got parents behavior. Did they ever argue in your presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you get violent in your presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: No violence in private.
Gwenevere Abriel: well rounded
Justin’s iPhone: Up all the time. I got grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hit with a belt.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes, and the paddle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, on a panel so hit with a belt and cattle please transcribe hit with a fist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never slapped
Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And besides the panel. Any other discipline.
Oh,
Justin’s iPhone: Face of a willow branch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever physically abused, where it left a mark.
Justin’s iPhone: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you ever left alone to take feed yourself take care of their siblings, where you're basically neglected clients and abuse clients and neglect. Were you ever touched in appropriately when you roll.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Number denying a history of molestation history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never bullied in school.
Justin’s iPhone: What was that
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you bullied.
Justin’s iPhone: In smell for anybody was the boy was
Gwenevere Abriel: The bullying and scroll about what age.
Justin’s iPhone: Right.
Justin’s iPhone: When I got when I found out I was bigger than everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know when that was Sir
Justin’s iPhone: I'm like, second grade.
Justin’s iPhone: 6969 300 300 pounds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever
Justin’s iPhone: Like sometimes like
Minutes.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any animal cruelty.
Justin’s iPhone: Never
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever set fires for enjoyment.
Gwenevere Abriel: No force anyone to have sex.
Gwenevere Abriel: No ran away from home when you were younger.
Justin’s iPhone: No.
Deal.
Justin’s iPhone: Again,
Justin’s iPhone: Feel like sell drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh that's selling drugs, you can tell me if you did that, if you like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So you did some selling drugs, please transcribe you steal s t
You
Justin’s iPhone: Know, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so some stealing maybe gum or something like that. Is that what you're alluding to.
Justin’s iPhone: I'm like stealing drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Do you ever skipped school truant
Justin’s iPhone: All the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: ever bring a weapon to school.
Justin’s iPhone: Never
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. How far do you get in school.
I graduated
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transfer. I graduated high school any additional education.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, how you doing great. We got a few more. Hang in there. I'm gonna talk quick. We're going to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, but you can you are you are you currently working
Justin’s iPhone: Or no, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you are you typically working full time or part time
Gwenevere Abriel: Will turn typically working full time. And right now, you're on unemployment benefits. Is that because of the virus or because you were discharged.
Justin’s iPhone: Because of the virus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so please transcribe on unemployment due to the code 19 I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You consider your financial status stable or unstable.
Variable
Gwenevere Abriel: You consider yourself heterosexual bisexual or other
Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have that. Are you heterosexual
Justin’s iPhone: Are heterosexual
Gwenevere Abriel: Single partner.
Justin’s iPhone: sparring partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And you you've never had any sexual assaults, even as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: See none of that. So clients denies sexual assault history, I'm typically in your romantic relationships prior to your wife were those relationships ever chaotic controlling, abusive.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this one. How long have you been married
Justin’s iPhone: Together for 12 years
Justin’s iPhone: 10 years 10 years
Justin’s iPhone: 10 years
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you, I got you. Okay, we're almost done. We doing great. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got married or you're living with I'm name everyone, including pets.
Justin’s iPhone: Justin the windy Sophie sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Wendy. How old is Justin.
Justin’s iPhone: I'm 38
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just so funny. Sophie is how old
Justin’s iPhone: Five. She's my Pitbull
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. You're funny. Okay, to your
Justin’s iPhone: Answer you
Justin’s iPhone: Ladies for Sadie's for she's a Rottweiler
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any children.
Justin’s iPhone: Have two stepchildren
Gwenevere Abriel: Old, are they living with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, okay.
Justin’s iPhone: They are Madison just graduating, she's off on her own, and Mason Mason does with his dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So lives with wife Wendy and to tell jokes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe. Okay. Very funny. Um, I was thinking they were kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I've got hobbies and then a legal problems, real quick. What do you like to do for fun, music, movies,
Justin’s iPhone: What do you like working out in movies. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working out and movies for fun. Got it. And how many times, try and guess how many times have you been arrested.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: Close to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: And most of them possession charges.
Justin’s iPhone: Different things
Justin’s iPhone: Maybe half of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have for possession
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of them for
Gwenevere Abriel: Violent crime.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, one my friend died. I got charged with the murder charge because I didn't call the police.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here for that.
Justin’s iPhone: I did two years until we finally finally the truth came out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were the charges were dropped
Justin’s iPhone: Know, I had to play out to kidnapping and aggravated battery.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have an open case right now pretrial release probation.
Gwenevere Abriel: promo client advise having any open cases. Presently, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Transfer over here we go. We are now down to Oh. We almost did it exactly on time before minutes over. And here we go. We're almost done.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know what you want to work on one part of it is going to be the substance use piece and another part is going to be that other stuff. We were talking about, about the nightmares.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So in your own words. And so I'm going to put this in a quote, and it'll follow us for each month we'll take a look at it in your own words. You want to what
Justin’s iPhone: I want to work on my nightmares.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you think of your substance use, what do you want to work on.
Justin’s iPhone: Um, just staying clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Off of what
Justin’s iPhone: Just, just not getting back on pain medicine. Just stay on my soapbox and because that helps me more.
Justin’s iPhone: Than the pain medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Wife and find out later. I'm just going to go with this is the next one. Let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: For the first month you'll be asked to attend individual therapy weekly and group weekly after 30 days, you and I will talk and we'll see what what's really needed at that point. But for this first 30 days it's going to feel intensive
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be every week that you'll be meeting for group and please do be at least 15 minutes early, because every minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: We gotta be in there. So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typical for you as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like are you kind of do it. Other things outside the house or are you home. Most of the day.
Justin’s iPhone: The dogs running and right now I'm just
Justin’s iPhone: I'm on unemployment, but I'm trying to like start rebuilding my dad's a pest control company here in scientific
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that sounds familiar. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I knew that. So you are looking at. Do you want early morning appointments in order to not let it get in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the evenings. Okay, so I'm going to keep my eye out for just for this coming week we'll carve out something more long term, but for now I gotta remember. Which Day Is your group on
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday and yesterday I had an opening for individuals, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Over
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like may
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to want to write this down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight, which is a Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have 10am
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that going to get in the way at work.
Justin’s iPhone: I'll be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and years. So your next services are the following. You want to be in
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe 1130 or so on May 5 right they use your groups on Tuesday at 12
Justin’s iPhone: Oh no, my good side seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, like 645 even even 650 you'll have hopefully enough time. So your next services may 5
Gwenevere Abriel: There. Late last one, you're going to need to get in there, you'll you will feel get close, you won't be able to enter in your medications bridge between those services. So you don't want to miss those
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got 7am may 5 that's group and you have may 8 at 10am so what
Gwenevere Abriel: Repeat that back.
Justin’s iPhone: May 5 7am may 8:10am
Gwenevere Abriel: Bam. You got it. I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday. You say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Fire Tablet: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we both log out and log back in
Yes.